[WHOOSHING]
[CHIMES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I am Dr. Theresa Bullard,
and this is "Mystery Teachings."
[MUSIC]
Is there intelligent
life beyond our Earth?
The search for life
in the universe
is one that has intrigued
humanity for a long time.
The search shifts how we
think of ourselves as humans.
It requires us to expand
our perception beyond Earth.
We wonder whether
we might be part
of a larger galactic
or universal community,
whether there is some grander
cosmic play that we fit into.
In this episode, we look at both
the scientific and metaphysical
perspectives on life
in the universe.
We've explored how
finely tuned our universe
is for life and consciousness.
Like a musical instrument that
has been perfectly adjusted
to perform the symphony
of life, our Earth
is positioned in what
is called the Goldilocks
zones of our solar
system and galaxy,
to be ideally suited
for life as we know it.
Scientists today search
the visible universe
for other planets that
share these characteristics,
where the ingredients
and environment
are just right for the emergence
of life and conscious beings.
How many other planets might
host such conditions for life?
Our current estimates
say that our sun
is just one out of about 100
billion stars in the Milky Way
galaxy.
About 7% to 10% of those
stars are similar to our sun
and have at least one
planet orbiting them.
Of those, the number that
have potentially habitable
conditions range anywhere
from 1.9 billion up
to 40 billion Earth-like
planets in our galaxy alone.
In addition, our
universe is estimated
to contain nearly 2
trillion galaxies.
If just 1% of those galaxies
are anything like ours,
that means there could be 20
billion galaxies that each host
billions of Earth-like planets.
This brings the amount of
potential Earth-like planets
in our universe to
staggering numbers.
The odds that there
is life beyond Earth
are extremely high.
But what is the likelihood that
life on those other planets
is as advanced, or even more
advanced, than life on Earth?
Our Earth is data to be
4.6 billion years old.
About 75% of the other
Goldilocks planets
are, on average, 1 to
2 billion years older
than our Earth, some, even
up to 6 billion years older,
giving significantly more
time for the evolution of life
and consciousness
on those planets.
With a universe so
finely tuned for life,
and with such high numbers
of other Earth-like planets,
the natural conclusion
is that there
must be more intelligent
life beyond Earth
than most people realize.
And that's assuming that
life can develop only
in Earth-like conditions, which
is a rather limited assumption.
To be sure, life is
abundant in our universe.
But what is life?
How is it defined?
Scientists have come up with
a list of common traits found
in living things.
For example, living things are
made of cells and they move.
Living things take
in and use energy
for various purposes such
as growth and development,
reproduction, metabolism,
response to stimuli,
adaptation to
external environment,
and regulation of
internal environment.
NASA has adapted a slightly
broader definition of life,
as being a self-sustaining
chemical system,
capable of Darwinian evolution.
But the general
bias in science is
that life is
carbon-based organisms,
containing and replicating
DNA within their cells.
This biased assumption
about life being only
according to how we
experience it here on Earth
is, again, rather narrow.
Perhaps our view of
what defines life
can broaden when we take a look
at how life might have begun.
What does science say about the
origin of life in the universe?
Well, there's still no
single origin-of-life model
that is generally
accepted in science.
But all agree that
life in the physical
must have started with
some form of transition
from non-living
to living, meaning
from chemical interactions
to biological life.
Life must have
started with some kind
of simple, molecular,
and chemical structure
that contained
information, which
could then be passed on from
one generation to the next.
Scientists also agree
that the origin of life
was not a single event, but a
gradual process of increasing
complexity.
Evidence from fossils
of microorganisms
found near hydrothermal vents
suggests that life on Earth
started soon after
the oceans formed
about 4.4 billion years ago.
This would mean that
life began very early
in Earth's development.
Now, the favored model
on the origin of life
says that RNA,
Ribonucleic Acid, arose
as the first genetic material.
It starts from the
assumption that there
were free-floating
nucleotides inside
of a hot, primordial ocean.
And as enough energy from things
like lightning or radiation
was added, the nucleotides
bonded together,
eventually forming RNA.
And while this may
be the favored model,
it is rather
oversimplified, leaving
things purely to chance
meetings of those nucleotides.
Another proposed
model, which is one
that I tested as part
of my PhD dissertation,
was called genetic takeover.
It proposed that a
form of inorganic life
started with crystals.
Crystals carry information
within their defect patterns.
As the crystals
grow and propagate,
they can transfer that
information of defects
from one layer to the next.
One generation of crystals
can also become the seeds
for the next generation.
We could think of crystal
structures, both the lattice
and its defects, as a kind
of inorganic form of DNA.
Duplicatable information
is inherently
embedded within crystals.
However, crystal
growth can be messy
and is not the most
efficient mechanism
for storing and
preserving information.
But crystal surfaces do
also serve as substrates
that biorelevant
molecules can adsorb onto,
thus providing them more
localized environments,
to be able to combine together
in higher concentrations,
forming more complex
chains of biomolecules,
eventually building
up to RNA and DNA.
These soon take over
the genetic process
as more efficient ways
of storing, replicating,
and passing on information.
Again, these are
just hypotheses,
but they reveal something
important to us.
At its core, life is about
information and the ability
to efficiently transmit
that information.
We could consider this an even
broader definition of life--
the ability to
preserve and transfer
information from one
generation to the next.
From a quantum
perspective, information
is the most basic ingredient of
the universe, more fundamental
than energy, matter,
space, or time.
If we put these
two ideas together,
what does this tell us?
Well, if the ability to preserve
and transfer information
is the most basic
aspect of life,
and if information is the most
fundamental component that
governs our universe,
we could say
our whole universe is alive.
Now, did life start on Earth?
While it's possible that
life can start on any planet
with water and the
right conditions,
as many models presume,
it's also possible
that life started
in outer space.
In March of 2015,
NASA scientists
reported that
complex DNA and RNA
can be formed under the
right conditions found only
in outer space, starting
with chemicals found only
on meteorites and interstellar
dust clouds, which, by the way,
are types of crystals.
Then, from outer space, these
microscopic forms of life
were thought to be
delivered and distributed
to planets by space dust,
meteorites, and asteroids.
If this is true, then
life would definitely
be ubiquitous
throughout the universe.
But again, the scientific
definitions for life
are very narrow.
It's limited to
carbon-based life,
forming and containing
DNA or RNA, using
energy and information, purely
from this physical density
level.
One NASA scientist,
Silvano Colombano,
released a white paper
in December of 2018,
titled "New Assumptions
to Guide SETI Research."
In it, he challenged
several assumptions
that the scientific
community makes
about life in the
universe, one of which
is this bias that intelligent
civilizations would
be based on carbon life.
He says that "given the fairly
common presence of elements
that might be involved
in the origin of life
throughout the universe,
it's a reasonable assumption
that life as we know it was at
least a common starting point.
But our form of life
and intelligence
may be just a tiny first step
in a continuing evolution that
may well produce forms of life
that are far superior to ours,
and no longer based
on carbon machinery."
Who's to say, for example,
that life on other planets
couldn't be silicon-based
or, perhaps,
based on some kind of exotic
plasma of quantum particles.
Yet, even as we broaden our
definition and assumptions
about life, scientists
are still entirely focused
on just this physical density.
Could there be life
operating at higher frequency
levels that are beyond
our scientific detection
mechanisms?
To answer that,
let's now explore
into the metaphysical
perspectives about life
in the universe.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
How do we define life from
a metaphysical perspective?
Well, to begin with,
this physical body
is not who we are.
The body is a vehicle.
Who we are, our true
life, is eternal spirit
or intelligent mind.
If we widen our view of
life beyond the physical,
if we take into account
the progression of spirit
and consciousness, we must
look at a bigger picture.
We've explored elsewhere how our
universe is composed of 144,000
rays, or density levels.
This physical realm exists
at the 144,000th ray,
the densest and
lowest vibration.
Kabbalistic and Mystery
School teachings
describe how light forms
the material world.
As a vibration slows down from
the highest spiritual source,
it passes through the full
electromagnetic spectrum
of light, and then it moves
through the octaves of sound.
It continues down through
the various density
levels, including ether,
and finally materializes
in the physical.
Everything vibrates at
specific frequency levels.
Here on Earth, we humans
are attuned to perceive
and experience a relatively
narrow range of frequencies
through our senses.
And we know that certain animals
and insects, for example,
detect different ranges
of frequencies than we do.
All of these can be considered
to be like different radio
stations playing in
the frequency bandwidth
of the 144,000th ray
or density level.
Just at this one
density level, there
is a rather wide
array of frequencies
that are detectable.
Our five senses only
pick up a narrow range.
But our scientific
detectors are now
able to give us glimpses into
more of the energies available.
But there is still
much that lies
beyond our technological
ability to detect.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
Remember, also, that the
physical universe is mostly
empty space.
If we condensed all
the atoms in our body,
taking away the empty
space, then our entire body
would fit on the
tip of a needle.
Generally, we are not attuned
to perceive the higher frequency
levels.
We've become so accustomed
to only paying attention
to the obvious, that we
miss the subtle details
and less dense materia
that surrounds us.
It could even be right
in front of our noses,
and we still might not
become aware of it.
There could, potentially,
be higher dimensional beings
coexisting with
us here on Earth.
Let's say there is a being
operating on the 143,999th
level of density, just
slightly less dense than
our physicality.
They would be vibrating at
a different frequency range
than we are used to.
There would still be
a kind of physicality,
or density, but less dense
than our physical bodies.
Can we perceive them?
Yes we can.
[RADIO STATIC]
And to do so, we
must adjust the range
of frequencies we
are tuning into,
like changing the radio dial.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
Those who are tuned in
to the higher frequencies
can perceive these beings.
It's as if they're standing
in the room with them,
and while those who
are not tuned in
are simply not aware of them.
Imagine how much is
going on around us
that we are not aware of.
This opens the door
to many possibilities,
beyond what we are currently
acknowledging as life on Earth.
Imagine what other beings may
be coexisting with us on Earth,
let alone beings in the galaxy.
It's possible that the
various beings of legend,
shared in the
mythologies and stories
all over the planet, beings
such as dragons, and fairies,
and elves, and so on, do exist.
Perhaps there's a reason these
stories of legendary beings
persist all through the ages
and all around the world.
Perhaps humans of old were
more attuned to the higher
vibrational realms.
And given the high likelihood
that life exists elsewhere
in the universe,
we may also want
to open up to the possibility
that we could be coexisting
with higher dimensional
galactic beings visiting us
from other planets and stars,
even though we might not
perceive their presence.
Many ancient cultures
from around the world
have stories and legends,
some memorialized
in drawings and hieroglyphs,
of beings coming to Earth
to observe humans,
to share technology,
and to teach us and
help us progress.
For example, the ancient
Egyptian family of Ra
was said to come from space.
And they brought us certain
technologies, medicine,
understanding of agriculture,
astronomy, alchemy, writing,
and other advancements
to our civilization.
The Sumerian pantheon
were also clearly
ancient aliens who
visited earth for a time.
The Dogon tribe,
in Africa, believed
their ancestors came from
the star system of Sirius
and that they even have accounts
of accurate maps of that star
system, long before
our telescopes could
see that it was a binary
star system, where one
of those stars was burned out.
The Aborigines also have
petroglyphs and stories
of star people visiting
from outer space.
And other indigenous
people, all over the planet,
have stories that
point to the stars
to identify where their
ancestors came from or are
currently.
In modern times,
there are also those
who say that extraterrestrial
sightings and interactions have
ramped up since we started
testing the atomic bomb.
Perhaps this activity drew
attention to our planet,
and our galactic neighbors
came to check in on us again.
It is certainly
not the first time
that aliens have visited
Earth, despite what
mainstream science says.
And it won't be the
last time either.
Many people in the
ET field, however,
get into all kinds of wild
theories and conspiracies.
And Hollywood
blockbusters also like
to add to our fears
of alien invasions.
But consider that if there are
extraterrestrial beings who
have the capability
to travel to Earth,
they are more advanced than us,
highly intelligent, and likely
more evolved than we are.
Perhaps they are here to help us
progress toward a more peaceful
society, so we don't
destroy ourselves
through this current
transition to a more
technologically-advanced world.
Hermetic initiates have
talked about beings
from other dimensions and
other places in the universe
for a long time.
They say, for
example, that "even
in our own little
solar system, there
are regions and planes of
life far higher than ours--
and beings, compared to
which we earth-bound mortals
are as the slimy lifeforms
that dwell on the ocean's bed
when compared to man.
There are beings with
powers and attributes
higher than man has ever
dreamed of the gods possessing.
And yet, these beings were
once as you, and still lower--
and you will be even as
they, and higher in time,
for such is the destiny of man--
as reported by the Illumined."
We might ask, why would these
beings take any interest in us
at all?
Well, let's start with the
foundation that we are all one.
We are all connected.
Our progression, our actions,
what we do here on Earth
ripples throughout the universe.
Our typical human
way of thinking
is that they're out there
somewhere in the universe,
but in truth,
they're all here now.
Quantum physics
shows that everything
is connected and entangled.
The more evolved they
become, the more aware
they are of this connection and
the dangers of thinking things
are separate, like
we humans think.
Now, the more aware they
are of our situation,
of this critical point on
planet Earth, of course,
they are going to pay
attention and possibly
try to prevent a
catastrophe from happening.
Since we're all connected, the
progression of these beings
is tied to our own.
Only when we start
to see ourselves
as members of the
galaxy, as citizens
of a universal
community, will we
realize that our own progression
has an impact on the greater
collective--
not just the collective of
this planet, but the collective
of the entire universe.
When we expand our perspective
beyond the physical,
beyond Earth, we may, again, ask
the question, why are we here.
We know that we are
here as spirit beings
having a physical experience
to learn and grow from.
But is that all, or
is there more to it?
The quantum and holographic
nature of our universe
suggests there is a
path of progression
that continues on a much
bigger scale than what we often
think of.
Most of today's religions
deal with the story
of humans on planet
Earth, that we
are learning through a
physical experience and then
an afterlife that is centered
around our experience on Earth.
We're presented with a rather
limited and linear process.
But the holographic
model requires
us to expand our perspective
to a much more universal
and multidimensional framework.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
In this more
expanded perspective,
let's presume that
our universe is alive,
that information is being
preserved and transferred
to direct the cosmic
symphony of life.
We also know that
quantum entanglement
allows for information to be
transferred instantaneously
across vast distances.
This leads us to the questions,
what is this information?
If we call this
information knowledge,
implying it is
purposeful and orderly,
then where does it come from?
We've explored the ideas of
holograms, parallel realities,
and the multiverse.
If this reality is a
hologram, the source
of this hologram,
the true reality,
is being projected
from somewhere.
Our physical life
is a projection
of encoded information,
while our true self
is at the center of
some higher reality.
But our true self is not
limited to just one projection.
It can have many
parallel realities
being projected simultaneously.
We've explored how "The
Science of Kabbalah"
reveals that there are
22 holograms projected
into this physical
density level,
according to the pattern of the
Tree of Life and its 22 paths.
We might relate this
physical density
that we perceive as so real
to be more akin to what
is depicted in movies like "The
Matrix" or "Ready Player One."
It's a program, or a
hologram, that feels real,
but it isn't the true reality.
And Kabbalah says that there are
22 different holograms running
in parallel.
Recall the analogy of a
cineplex with 22 theaters in it,
each playing one of
the 22 holograms.
In each one, a
different archetype
is the lead character.
And all of this is
happening here on Earth,
while our true
self is watching it
all from some central control
room on a higher plane.
Meanwhile, our conscious
mind is usually
only aware of one movie
playing, as viewed
through the perspective
of our personality.
Now, let's dive deeper into
this notion of parallel lives
playing out in the
22 holograms and how
they might tie in to the idea of
life elsewhere in the universe.
Imagine that our one
true, eternal self
resides at the highest
vibrational levels of spirit
and at the central origin
point of our universe.
From there, it sends
out 22 extensions,
or aspects of itself, out
into the universe, anchoring
the 22 paths, or archetypes,
of the Tree of Life,
within our spiritual blueprints.
Each of these 22 aspects
becomes an informing template
for the 22 holograms
that get projected down
into this physical
density level.
Let's say one of those
aspects is sent Earth,
another to a planet
called Kolob,
another to a planet within
the Sirius star system,
and maybe another to
the Kepler star system,
and so on, reaching 22
planets or star systems
throughout the universe.
And each of us picked
a different combination
of stars and planets
to work with.
But what we have in
common is that we all
picked Earth as one of them.
Now, imagine that
from each of those 22
aspects of our true
self that are anchored
on 22 different planets
or stars, each one,
also, then, sends out
a projection of itself
to the other 21 planets, thereby
creating an intricate network
and linking back to all
aspects of our total self.
Now, each location has all
22 information templates
from the original 22 archetypes.
These are then projected down
into the physical density
levels of those
planets or stars,
resulting in the 22 parallel
realities on each planet.
One of those planets is Earth.
And here, we live out
the 22 archetypes,
projected through
the Earth template,
as 22 parallel
realities or lives.
Through each of
them, our higher self
that is overseeing
this Earth experience
is learning about all
the aspects of life
on Earth, in the physical.
Perhaps, in one of my
parallel realities,
I stayed in physics as
a research scientist.
In another, maybe I
became a psychologist--
another an artist.
In one, I'm a pro athlete.
It's possible I could even
be a comedian in one of them.
But in another one, I might
have become a drug addict.
Not all of them are
good necessarily.
But in this life, I'm a mystic
and initiate of the mysteries.
Sometimes, here
on Earth, we have
strange encounters
or sightings of UFOs
and extraterrestrial activity.
What if those aliens, coming
to check us out, are just us,
the 22 aspects of our
real self, peeking in
from outside the hologram,
or even their projections
from other planets,
paying us a visit,
like when Neo goes
into the Matrix,
but he's not bound by it.
Would we even recognize our
true self checking in on us
to see how we are doing?
Probably not, unless
we've integrated all 22
archetypes back into one.
Then maybe, we might feel
a certain familiarity
or recognition.
But still, they will
be beyond anything
we have experienced here,
on our physical Earth plane.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
If we have 22 holograms
on different planets,
each with 22 parallel
realities, and our true self
is running all of these
different holograms
and learning from all of these
different experiences at once,
we could say we are everywhere.
This is all happening now.
The real you is living somewhere
beyond this physical Earth.
The real you is
everywhere, connected
throughout the universe,
like our concept of God.
We can think of it as
not just one cineplex,
but 22 cineplexes, one
for each of the 22 paths,
or archetypes, on
the Tree of Life, one
for each aspect
of our real self.
And each of these cineplexes
has the 22 theaters inside,
playing out the 22 parallel
archetypal realities.
And our true self is watching
all of those monitors at once
and sending signals and
information into all of them,
to give guidance, support,
and redirection when needed,
so that we can fulfill
the greater plan.
And so far, we're just talking
about the holograms projected
into our physical experiences
at the 144,000th density level.
We don't really know how
many levels of holograms
there might be at the
other density levels,
or how many realities there
are in the cosmos, or even
the multiverse.
But we could imagine
something like a DNA,
spiraling all the way up
to source, through each
of the 144,000 rays,
or density levels,
from the Great Central
Sun, through the logos,
out across the
cosmos to each of us,
at each of these locations
in their parallel realities,
each reality seeming real.
Here we are in the cineplex of
Earth, with 22 movie screens,
or holodecks, but we're
only aware of one movie, one
hologram.
This is how the
program was set up.
Why?
Well, because it would be
too difficult to get along
in this physical experience
with full awareness,
before we are
ready to handle it.
[LIGHT MUSIC]
But as we expand
our consciousness,
grow in our maturity,
and gain access
to our greater
multidimensionality,
then our progression
opens up a door
to where we can step
onto a path that leads us
to the central control room.
As we consciously reach
that control room,
we become aware
that it's all us.
We get to the point where we can
merge the 22 movies into one.
Here, in this one life, we can
be the scientist, the artist,
the athlete, the entertainer,
the businessperson, the mystic,
and so on, all at once.
We can integrate all these
aspects of ourselves.
We can live a
multidimensional life,
where we are fully alive and
exploring this grand adventure,
for all it has to offer.
When we recognize the
multidimensional nature
of reality and who we
are as eternal beings,
living within a connected
and entangled universe,
then new possibilities emerge.
We can expand our
conscious awareness
beyond this Earth density
level and become more aware
of our true reality.
We could tap in to
the ability to explore
all the holograms that are
playing out simultaneously.
Everything is here, now.
We can learn to shift
our consciousness
and what we call our assemblage
point, or the focal point,
around which we assemble our
perceptions of the world.
And we can move this
to any specific point
within the holograms that we
can imagine in the universe.
And we can also tune
in telepathically
to the beings that reside
in those other places.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
Now, what I've
just described here
is the art of astral travel.
The word astral comes
from the Latin word
"astrum," which means
connected to the stars.
Throughout the ages, initiates,
within the Mystery School
traditions, have
used astral travel
to explore beyond
this physicality.
In its true form, astral
travel is an effective tool
to assist us in expanding
our consciousness,
remembering who we
truly are, and aiding us
in our progression.
We can use it to explore
the vast universe that we
are a part of and connected to.
Using astral travel,
we can gain insight
into greater awareness of our
multidimensional realities.
We can travel and
explore all the 22 movies
within the cineplex
of Earth and beyond,
to other star
systems and planets.
We can meet ourselves
in other worlds
and communicate with
galactic beings.
We can also astral travel to
higher spiritual dimensions
and receive guidance from
masters of light residing
in the spiritual planes.
But to truly connect with
higher vibrational beings,
we must learn to first shift
our vibration to a higher level.
Because in these astral
planes, like attracts like.
If our vibration is low, and we
use astral-travel techniques,
then we will attract
low-vibrational beings to us.
And that is not what we want.
So we must first
use methods that
raise our vibration
to an elevated state
before we attempt
to astral travel.
But through this, we can
learn and become more aware
of our galactic connections.
We have the ability to
actually travel with our spirit
and consciousness.
As we do this, we expand our
consciousness even further
and begin to shift into greater
awareness of who we are,
as galactic beings.
This expansion of
consciousness helps
us to progress toward greater
embodiment of our true self,
to unite together all
aspects of our true self
within our conscious awareness,
and shift into living
a multidimensional life.
The universe is our home.
As we progress and come
to understand ourselves,
as galactic beings, the
universe progresses with us.
What is life all about?
Well, certainly, we
are here to learn
about this physical density,
otherwise, we wouldn't be here.
But what part of us
is doing the learning?
Our body is just a vehicle.
It allows us to move
around on this Earth.
And it comes equipped with
the senses and nervous system,
so that we can take
in information,
respond to stimuli, and
also create with our hands.
But the part of us that
learns is our soul.
The soul is the operating
system of the body,
but it's an intelligent system
that can learn and adapt.
While our personality's
perspective of life, this movie
is linear, the true
quantum reality
is that all time is now.
And from spirit's
perspective, all is now.
As we expand our
consciousness, our soul
also becomes aware
of all these times
and places, as being here, now.
If this is true, and
if we are holographic,
multidimensional
beings, then perhaps
there's no need
for reincarnation
in order to educate
and progress our soul.
There are many possibilities for
how this can be accomplished,
as well as how we can have
memories of past lives.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
And again, we come back to
the question of purpose.
Why are we here, experiencing
ourselves through a hologram?
And why is our universe
so finely tuned for life?
In metaphysics, we say the
purpose defines the form,
and form defines purpose.
Looking at the form reveals
clues to the purpose.
Maybe, in addition to
experiencing the physical
and learning from it,
our higher purpose
is the progression
of life itself.
We are waking up our potential
at each new level of awareness.
Progression is a waking
up of consciousness.
We are here on Earth with a
narrow awareness of who we are.
Yet we have the potential
to awaken more fully
to the greater reality of our
universal and eternal being,
to become more aware of our
true self beyond this hologram,
to become aware of all of
our 22 archetypal movies,
happening on all 22
different planets,
and then integrating
all of these
into one, multidimensional
cosmic experience.
Through this, we begin to awaken
who we are as galactic beings,
expanding our awareness
beyond mere citizens of Earth,
and coming into a greater
awareness of ourselves,
as citizens of the galaxy.
Initiates in the Mystery
School traditions
have long been aware of
this potential within us.
Thousands of years
ago, King Salomon,
one of the greatest Western
Mystery School lineage holders,
was searching for a way
to activate the Galactic
Codes and the Divinity
Codes within each person's
Tree of Life.
We now know this Tree
of Life is our DNA.
It is the blueprint
of who we are.
But most people come
into this physical life
with only a fraction of
their Tree of Life activated.
King Salomon knew that there
was a time in the beginning when
humans were fully activated,
but that we lost that over time.
Yet it was prophesied that one
day, humans would once again
rise to their full glory, as
godlike, perfected humans.
And in Kabbalah, we call
this the Adam Kadmon,
the perfected human.
King Salomon made it his
mission to discovering
the universal methods to
reactivating all of our codes.
They made great progress at
turning on many of the codes
and establishing the
foundation needed
for our evolutionary leap.
But the time was not
yet right for humanity
to awaken their final codes,
during King Salomon's time,
or to access their full power
of their galactic and divine
nature.
But now is the time.
We are ready.
And the human
collective is poised
to make a great leap forward.
We are the ones our ancestors
have been waiting for.
And this time on the planet is
one of the most exciting times
to be alive.
Yes, it has its challenges.
And yes, we could screw it up.
But we now, also, have
huge opportunities
to accomplish things humanity
has never accomplished before.
We have the
opportunity to activate
our galactic and divine
nature, while still here,
in this most dense
level of life so
that we can embody our divinity
and galactic being, more fully
in our life, here and now.
We are evolving into
a self-aware universe.
I am here, but also
I am everywhere.
When we open up to experiencing
reality from this greater "I
am" perspective, we are
contributing to the progression
of our universe.
Join me again as we
gain deeper insights
into the science
of transformation
and the rhythm of life.
I am Dr. Theresa Bullard.
Thank you for exploring the
mysteries of the universe
with me, in this episode
of "Mystery Teachings."